🫠  Overhaul (#131)
neuefische/web-exercises: sessions/css-flexbox/demo-start/README.md

# demo-start

## Task

## Notes

> - You only have to touch the `index.html` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You only have to touch the [`css/styles.css`](./css/styles.css) file.
- You find the end point for this demo in `sessions/css-flexbox/demo-end`.
```
